Hai,
    my project name : Scientific Calculator in Python using Tkinter


Explanation:

       Python Scientific Calculator was created by using tkinter (GUI) .
   This project is based on a straightforward GUI and is very simple to comprehend and use.
   Additionally, the user may easily learn how to execute numerical computations with the help of this project.
   Like a typical calculator, the project has numbers, operators, and signs.
        In order to enter any number or simply click on the numbers they desire for the computations, the user needs only click.
   As a result, the user of this application can utilize a straightforward calculator.
   Here we imported some libraries and set up the title for our Scientific Calculator in the Python window.
   We also used the geometry() function of the Tkinter library to set the size of the window.
   Besides that, we have also used a grid() function to place each and every box in its calculator at the correct
   position and designed the overall calc in the form of a grid.



      In this code section, we used the class to add various functions.
 At first, we defined the class with the name Calc() and then defined all the functions that we  want in our
 Scientific Calculator in Python in the form of a Python function. Apart from that, we have also defined the function
 to handle the input number entered by the user. Also, to check if the function is valid or not we have defined a
 separate function in this class. We have included almost all the important functions that are in a normal scientific calculator.
 In this, we have made use of a math library and various built-in functions in that library.
 These functions are called when the button relating to it is clicked by the user.
 The logic of the function is made using the functions provided by the math library.

   In this code block, we have defined a variable to store the Calc() class in it.
 On top of that, in order to display the text box, where in the user can see the entered values and functions,
 we have added a text box and customized it according to our needs. To set the size of the textbox we made use of width.
 Here bd stands for border. We changed the fonts, background, and alignment of the text.
 We also used the grid() function of the Tkinter library to set its position in a proper way.
     Here, in this part of Scientific Calculator in Python, we have defined a variable named “numberpad” that stores
  all the digits. Now in order to make a separate box for each of the digits, we made use of for loop.
  This loop helps us to create 9 boxes for 9 digits that will be of the same size and font.
  Using the for loop helps us to eradicate the need of writing the code 9 times to display the boxes.
  In this part of the code for Scientific Calculator in Python, the two buttons help the user to
  handle the operation like clearing a digit or a function. The buttons for Clear All clear everything that is added
  in the textbox. In this also we have customized the buttons according to our needs.
      These above variables are for the buttons that are for performing various operations like Multiply,
  Divide, Subtract, Add etc. These buttons when clicked, call the respective function that is attached to them,
  thus helping the user in performing the desired operation easily. For the design purpose, we made use of all
  the properties that are provided by the Button function of the Tkinter library. On top of that,
  a grid() function is also used somewhere.

     In this function row, we have added the buttons for the functions of Pi, sin, cos, and tan.
  This same pattern goes on for the other 4 rows. Also, we have added the functions along with the respective buttons.


     In this code section, we have the code to make up the Menubar. This will simply come on top of the calculator.
  We have added multiple options like File and Edit. Moreover, to handle the opening and closing of
  the Scientific calc window we have defined two new functions namely Standard() and Scientific().
  Inside these functions, we have used the resizable and geometry functions of the Tkinter library.
      about the sub-options in the “File” button there is a feature to switch between “Standard” and “Scientific”
   Calculator. Inside the “Edit” button there is Copy, Paste andCut option. These options will help to copy
   the answers, paste other values in this calc and also cut the answer. Whenever the user will click on the
   Scientific calculator, a window beside the Standard Calc will open up. A separate window helps a user to close
   and access Scientific calc with more use and thus we decided to code in such a way


      Scientific Calculator in Python using Tkinter. We really hope that this program turns out to be a great
   source of help to you. I  tried my best to explain each and every concept involved in this program.

      In this GUI Scientific Calculator in Python project ,I have added some basic to intermediate functions,
   below features explain.

Features of Scientific Calculator:
    All basic operators like addition, multiplication, subtraction, and division.
    Dedicated buttons for sin, cos, tan, and cot.
    Functions for log
    Functions for ratio and exponents.
    Other buttons like Pi, mod, and x!

   conclusion :
     Scientific calc is created by using python code and executed successfully


    thank you....